Added shouldSendOrder to ShipmatePluginConfig (#500)
Pinelab-studio/pinelab-vendure-plugins: packages/vendure-plugin-shipmate/README.md

plugins: [
  ShipmatePlugin.init({
    apiUrl: 'https://api.shipmate.co.uk/v1.2', // Or https://api-staging.shipmate.co.uk/v1.2 for the testing environment
    shouldSendOrder: function ( ctx: RequestContext, order: Order): Promise<boolean> | boolean {

>       return order.totalQuantity < 5;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Sample implementation that only sends orders under €5 to Shipmate
      return order.totalQuantity < 5;
```

>     shouldSendOrder: function ( ctx: RequestContext, order: Order): Promise<boolean> | boolean {
>       return order.totalQuantity < 5;
>     }

Reviewer: This the the implementing code, so types are infered, and I don't think you can have a union as return type on this side? (`boolean | Promise<>`), not sure....
```suggestion
    shouldSendOrder: function ( ctx, order) {
      // Sample implementation that only sends orders under €5 to Shipmate
      return order.totalQuantity < 5;
    }
```
